CHAOS-6870 Update Pod API faults (#8276)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/pod-api-block.md

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> CA_CERTIFICATES </td>

>         <td> Provide the CA certificates for the proxy server to serve as intermediate certificates for HTTPS communication. For more information, go to <a href="#ca-certificate">CA certificate.</a></td>
>         <td> HTTPS communication necessitates its use as intermediate certificates by the proxy server. These certificates should be loaded into the target application. For more information, go to <a href="/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/pod-api-block#ca-certificates">CA certificates.</a></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td> These CA certificates are used by the proxy server to generate the server certificates for the TLS handshake between the target application and the proxy server. For more information, go to <a href="#ca-certificate">CA certificate.</a></td>
        <td>These CA certificates must also be added to the target application's root certificate. For more information, go to <a href="/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/pod-api-block#ca-certificates">CA certificates.</a></td>
```

Reviewer: add the same change for other faults as well

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td> SERVER_CERTIFICATES </td>
        <td> Provide the server certificates for the proxy server to serve as intermediate certificates for HTTPS communication. </td>

>         <td> HTTPS communication necessitates its use as intermediate certificates by the proxy server. The corresponding CA certificates should be loaded as root certificates inside the target application. For more information, go to <a href="/docs/chaos-engineering/use-harness-ce/chaos-faults/kubernetes/pod/pod-api-block#server-certificates">server certificates.</a></td>

Reviewer: same changes in other faults

              value: "80"
```

<CertDesc />

### HTTPS

> To enable HTTPS support for both incoming and outgoing traffic between the target and the proxy, set the `HTTPS_ENABLED` field to `true` and follow one the ways: **Using self-signed certificate** or **using trusted certificate** to configure TLS. The configuration details vary depending on whether it's applied to ingress or egress traffic.

Reviewer: `follow one the ways: **Using self-signed certificate** or **using trusted certificate** to configure TLS` applies only to egress traffic. For ingress, only setting HTTPS_ENABLED to true will work.

Reviewer: We can remove the `ingress` term from here.

For outgoing traffic, enable HTTPS support by setting `HTTPS_ENABLED` to `true`. This ensures TLS certificates are used for secure communication through the proxy within the target application.

>   - If the HTTP client in the target application is configured to reload certificates with each API call, set `HTTPS_ENABLED` to `true`. This way, niether `CA_CERTIFICATES` nor `SERVER_CERTIFICATES` is required. However, if the root certificate directory or file name differs from `/etc/ssl/certs` and `ca-certificates.crt`, specify them using the `HTTPS_ROOT_CERT_PATH` and `HTTPS_ROOT_CERT_FILE_NAME` environment variables.

Reviewer: We can remove the Ingress and Egress sections as <ConfTLS /> is enough
